= DESCRIPTION:

Installs the Marionette Collective

= PLATFORMS:

Tested as working:
 * Ubuntu (10.04)
 * Centos (5.5, 5.6, 6.0)

Likely to work without modification on Debian, RHEL, Fedora (if you try, please let me know).


= REQUIREMENTS:

A STOMP server.

Cookbooks
---------
* apt
* yum
* chef_handler

The `apt_repository` and `yum_repository` LWRPs are optionally used to create entries for the puppetlabs repository.
The `chef_handler` LWRP is used to install a report handler (::server only)


= ATTRIBUTES:

Security:
* mcollective['psk'] - the pre-shared key for encrypting messages

STOMP service connection details:
* mcollective['stomp']['hostname'] 
* mcollective['stomp']['port']
* mcollective['stomp']['username']
* mcollective['stomp']['password']

Site Plugin path:
* mcollective['site_plugins'] - installation location for extra plugins (this is added to the MCollective plugin path)

Facts:
* mcollective['factsource'] - sets where MCollective gets facts from
* mcollective['fact_whitelist'] - Ohai fact groups to include when using the 'yaml' factsource.


= USAGE:

Add recipe[mcollective] to your run_list to install the server and client tools.

Set the node's mcollective['stomp'] attributes to point to your server (or use role/environment attributes).  The default expects a STOMP server on localhost configured as per http://docs.puppetlabs.com/mcollective/reference/basic/gettingstarted.html#configuring-stomp

MCollective's "class list" will be populated with the roles and recipes present in the expanded run list of the last Chef run.

You can customise installation by choosing from these recipes instead of the default:
* recipe[mcollective::server] installs the server components.
* recipe[mcollective::client] installs the client components.
* recipe[mcollective::puppetlabs-repo] installs the Puppetlabs apt/yum repo.


= TODO:

* Support for security configurations other than PSK
* Configurable fact- and class-file names.
* Tests

= LICENSE:

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
